docs(roadmap): remove not working link from `nuxt/auth` (#7781)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/5.community/5.roadmap.md

---------------|---------------------|--------------|------------|-------------------
Content 1.x    | Maintenance         | 2.x          | [nuxt/content](https://github.com/nuxt/content/tree/v1) | Maintenance only
Content 2.x    | Active              | 3.x          | [nuxt/content](https://github.com/nuxt/content) | Released

> Auth           | WIP                 | 3.x          | [nuxt/auth](https://github.com/nuxt-community/auth-module) | Nuxt 3 support is planned after session support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auth           | WIP                 | 3.x          | `nuxt/auth` to be announced | Nuxt 3 support is planned after session support
```
